---
title: "Privacy"
meta_title: "MyWebClass | Privacy & Cookies Policy"
description: "MyWebClass takes your privacy and security seriously. Our privacy policy outlines how we collect, use, and protect your personal information when you use our platform. We are committed to complying with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, and to being transparent about our data practices. Our privacy policy also explains how you can access, update, or delete your personal information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. Trust us to keep your data safe and secure while you focus on your learning goals!"
ogTitle: "MyWebClass | Privacy Policy"
draft: false
---

Below are our dummy Privacy & Cookies Policy, which outline a lot of legal goodies, but the bottom line is it’s our aim 
to always take care of both you, as a customer on our platform.

#### Licensing Policy

We at MyWebClass are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and protect 
your personal information when you use our website.

#### Information We Collect:
We may collect personal information from you when you visit our website, such as:
* Your name 
* Email address
* Browsing activity. 

We may also collect information about your device, such as your IP address and browser type.

#### How We Use Your Information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:

* To provide you with the services and products you have requested 
* To communicate with you about our services and products 
* To improve our website and services 
* To comply with legal obligations 

We may also use your information to send you marketing communications, such as newsletters or promotional offers, if you 
have provided your consent. We do not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties. However, we may 
share your personal information with third-party service providers who assist us in providing our services and products to you.

### Cookies:
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share 
information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners, such as Google Analytics, 
who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services. 
You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.

### Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use our website. The tool uses cookies to collect standard Internet log 
information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use 
of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of 
the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us.


### Security Measures
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, 
we cannot guarantee the security of your information, as no method of transmission over the internet is completely secure.

### Accessibility Policy
We are committed to ensuring that our website is accessible to everyone, including individuals with disabilities. We strive 
to comply with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 Level AA.

### Your Rights
You have the right to access, modify, or delete your personal information. You may also withdraw your consent to receive 
marketing communications from us at any time. To exercise these rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below.

### Changes to This Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page, and the date at the top of 
the page will indicate when the policy was last updated.

### Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or the handling of your personal information, please contact us at NJIT.edu.